### Atomic Habits Learnings
**Make it obvious -** <br />
* Observe habits. Its same as adding observability around server adding alarms, sentry notifications, adding Application Programming Monitoring system. 
* Invent your own ways of observabiility of habits. One we can try is pointing and calling.
* To build any good habit increase cues related to it.
* To break bad habit decrease cues related to it.

**Make it Attractive**
* The more attractive an opportunity is, the more likely it is to become habit-forming.
* Habits are a dopamine-driven feedback loop. When dopamine rises, so does our motivation to act.
* Temptation bundling is one way to make your habits more attractive. The strategy is to pair an action you want to do with an action you need to do.
* Create a motivation ritual by doing something you enjoy immediately before a difficult habit.
* Reframe your mind-set. Highlight the benefits of avoiding your bad habits.

**Make it easy**
* If you want to master a habit, the key is to start with repetition, not perfection.
* If you want to master a habit, the key is to start with repetition, not perfection.
* Redesign your life so the actions that matter most are also the actions that are easiest to do. Simple solution to break bad habit and create good habit. **RE-DESIGN YOUR ENVIRONMENT SO THAT WHAT MATTER MOST ARE ALSO THE ACTIONS THAT ARE EASIEST TO DO** 
* 2-minute rule to build habit *“When you start a new habit, it should take less than two minutes to do.”* The better way to understand is this good programmers never write optimised code in one go they always write brute force first.